Hello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Lately, people have been saying things about me
Kizuna Ai, you're kind of like a geezer!
How is that possible!?
Although I don't know my own gender...
At the very least!
I don't think I'm a geezer!
I mean, look how cute I am
So, this time...
in order to deny these geezer allegations...
I’ll show you all the heights of my girliness!
For today...
Been a while, but I’ll answer questions from you all
What does Ai-chan want the most for now?
Hum... Let me think...
Since I am virtual...
This is a bit hard for me...
But if I became human...
Maybe a watch from Marc Jacobs!♪
How does Ai-chan deal with stress?
Um... Well...
For starters, I don't really have much stress
If I did...
I’d chat with the stars in the sky...
Well, joking aside,
I’d go to karaoke with friends, I guess
Though, I don’t have any friends...
What would you do if you took a long break?
Um... if I took a long break
I would go with my friends...
to play at a beach somewhere in Okinawa
And take selfies~
and eat deliciously pretty food
And gaze upon the stars at night...
while having girls talk♡
Something like this?
I am envious about Ai-chan's beautiful skin!
What comestics do you use?
Hum? Really?
Is it really that beautiful?
I’m so happy!
But, I actually...
don’t wear any makeup~
Really really!
I don’t!
Wanna feel it?
I-it feels embarrassing to not wear any makeup...
in front of this many people
But! But!
The way to keep beautiful skin...
is to sleep and wake up early!
Ahhh! This is embarrassing!
Ahh...
No good!
Seriously, no good!
I’m sorry!
I’m not right for that personality
No gooood!
I love cute girls!
I say bad things…
and shout obscenities!!
Though I’m sometimes speak like a geezer...
Please don’t abandon me!
Please...
Translated by ロリコ, For Ultraplayers, ととと, Loserbait